Live SDK for iOS 
================

version 5.0

1. Introduction
---------------

The Live SDK for iOS library is intended to help developers to easily integrate SkyDrive and Hotmail contacts and calendars into their iOS apps.

The repository here includes:
- Live SDK Library source (src/LiveSDK/Library)
- Live SDK framework (bin/LiveSDK.framework.zip)
- Samples (src/samples)

2. Reference the API
--------------------

You can reference the iOS API in two ways.

###2.1 To reference the iOS API framework

* Download and extract the LiveSDK.framework.zip file from the "bin" folder of the repository.    
* Open your iOS project in Xcode.
* In the Project Navigator, select your project, then select your build target and select "Build Phases" tab.
* Expand "Link Binary With Libraries", and then click "+" button ("Add items").
* Click "Add Other…", then browse to and select the LiveSDK.framework folder that you downloaded earlier, and then click "Open".
* In the Project Navigator, drag the LiveSDK.framework node and drop it into "Build Phases" tab's "Copy Bundle Resources" table in the project target editor.
*  In your code file that you want to reference the iOS API framework, add this import statement: #import "LiveSDK/LiveConnectClient.h".

###2.2 To reference the iOS API source code directly

* Open your iOS project in Xcode.
* Click File > Add Files to "Your Project Name".
* Go to and select the src/LiveSDK/Library folder under your local copy of the repository and then click "Add".
* In your code file that you want to reference the API source code, add this import statement: #import "LiveConnectClient.h".

#####Notes:
If you reference the iOS API source code directly and you use Xcode 4.2 or later, you must disable Automatic Reference Counting (ARC). This is because the Live SDK for iOS library source code uses manual reference counting. If you want to use ARC, you can either reference the iOS API framework by following the steps in the previous section(see 2.1), or do an ARC conversion on the library source code. 

3. Documentation
----------------

Visit: http://dev.live.com and click the "Documentation" link. 

4. Known issues:
----------------

* Live Auth UI on iPad does not render properly in portrait orientation.